c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\xceedAssignment.dll.config
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\xceedAssignment.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\xceedAssignment.pdb
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\obj\Debug\xceedAssignment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\obj\Debug\xceedAssignment.dll
c:\users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\obj\Debug\xceedAssignment.pdb
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Hammock.ClientProfile.dll
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\TweetSharp.dll
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\Hammock.ClientProfile.pdb
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\TweetSharp.pdb
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\snouto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\xceedAssignment\xceedAssignment\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
